Initial implementation (#1)
dewiz-xyz/dspc: script/input/1/README.md

# Network 1 (Ethereum Mainnet) Deployment Configuration

This directory contains the configuration files for deploying DSPC on Ethereum Mainnet.

## Files

### dspc-deploy.json
Configuration for deploying DSPC and DSPCMom contracts:
- `conv`: Address of the converter contract that handles rate conversions between basis points and ray format

## Usage

> 1. Update `dspc-deploy.json` with the correct `conv` address
> 2. Run the deployment script:
> ```bash
> forge script script/DSPCDeploy.s.sol:DSPCDeployScript \
>     --rpc-url $ETH_RPC_URL \
>     --broadcast
> ```

Reviewer: Following up on the `.gitignore` suggestion, it should be something like:
```suggestion
1. Copy `template-dspc-deploy.json` into a new file (i.e.: `dspc-deploy.json`)
2. Edit the new file with the correct `conv` address
3. Run the deployment script:
```bash
FOUNDRY_SCRIPT_CONFIG=dspc-deploy forge script script/DSPCDeploy.s.sol:DSPCDeployScript \
    --rpc-url $ETH_RPC_URL \
    --broadcast
```
```
